
This READ-ME pertains to the Java Card API 2.0 Reference
Implementation, Developer Release 2 (JC2RIDR2-P.zip) release of
20 February 1998.

* Copyright (c) 1998 Sun Microsystems, Inc. All Rights Reserved.

This software package is subject to license restrictions in
term and use. Please see the text of the full License Agreement
as provided in the file LICENSE.PDF for details.

Source code related to cryptography is not included in this
release due to US export regulations.

--------------
The Java Card API 2.0 Reference Implementation, Developer
Release 2 is a package containing the Java Card API v2.0 class
files as well as sample code and simple tools to allow the
creation and execution of Java Card applets in a desktop Java
Virtual Machine environment. It is intended as a pre-release to
allow interested parties to become familiar with Java Card 2.0
technology and programming methodologies.

Given the pre-release nature of this package, we will not be
providing support service, but are interested in your feedback
and comments. Please send your comments to:
   <javacard@java.sun.com>

Please read the Release Notes (Release-Notes-DR2.pdf)
and the Java Card 2.0 Reference Implementation User's Guide
(JC2RI-Users-Guide.pdf in the 'doc' directory) for complete
information about this release. All documentation files are in
Adobe Acrobat '.pdf' format. Acrobat Reader is available 
as a free download from Adobe Systems' website, 
<http://www.adobe.com>.

---------------
Contents of JC2RIDR2-P.zip:

- Java Card 2.0 Reference Implementation Developer's Release 2
- Java Card 2.0 Reference Implementation User's Guide
- Sample applets
- The Java Card Checker
- Java Card Checker User's Guide

Also included is a file, JC20API-update.pdf, that contains
proposed updates for the Java Card API 2.0 specification. Java
Card licensees are currently reviewing these minor updates. The
full Java Card 2.0 specification suite is downloadable from 
the Java Card web page, <http://java.sun.com/products/javacard>.
